Welcome to Learn AI in 2
minutes.
Quick concept, simple metaphors and zeroes are
gone over
-road.
You hear neural network everywhere in AI,
but what actually is
one?
Think of neural network like an assembly
line of decision
makers.
Data enters at one end, maybe a
photo or a
sentence.
The first layer catches simple patterns, edges,
basic shapes, or common world
pairs.
Each layer passes its finding to the
next, which spots more complex
patterns.
By the final layer, the network combines
all those signals into an
answer.
A cat or a dog, a spam
or not spam, for
example.
It's inspired by the brain, but much,
much
simpler.
It is just math layers stacked on
each
other.
No single layer is smart alone, the
power comes with the
stack.
Many simple steps building up to something
useful.
So remember, a neural network is stacked
layers that detect patterns step by step,
and simple pieces are smart
together.
That's your concept of the
day.
Follow for the next one, journey AI
in 2
minutes.